don't see any thumbs down all right
welcome to the Jessica vests core deaf
team weekly Singapore February 5th this
is the second help of this type if you
haven't participated in one of these
calls I definitely recommend checking
out the video from the first one which
is linked on the main issue for these
sync ups there it explains exactly how
we organize our work how we use waffle
and now we use the labels to coordinate
amongst ourselves the purpose of this
call is for us to have a quick check in
on our brownies doing and our tests and
then to identify what are the priorities
for this week and also if there is
blockers and if we need to fight to do
something - well I'll block the people
we do like kind of like a round robin
thing with someone like to be the first
one and sharing whatever in last week
okay
Dmitry you're going to go first cool
cool cool I can take over for notes
while you eat the yours thank you
so last eyes yep
super related stuff I was able to
implement all remaining browser tests
with the browser being every way the
it's not a well I guess it is a block
here of some sort but basically I'm
running into the tests are a bit flaky
right now I think there's some issues
that are being fixed in go I profess
that will help resolve results some of
them there's some other random issues
that pop up here and there some of them
are timeouts just Eiling some of them
are some crypto errors that are that we
do see
randomly pop up on in just regular daily
papers
life cycle I guess
okay can we get a little bit more
concrete action items so I understand
there's issues more like so but but but
like it is initial and go ipfs and you
need something like you said your plot
so is it an issue on go ipfs that you
are figuring out is it'll show on the IP
fest you already know and you already
know if someone that can fix it or it
can help you find a peasant and help on
defense yes some of them are issues that
have been already addressed in go IP
festmaster and we're just waiting for a
new release the rest of the revenue just
for issues that i haven't caught i inc
wondered that random once again meaning
that i can reproduce him consistently
they happen every work rebuilds things
like that
I am keeping at least I will plus those
thesis on it so that we can address them
and yep so I've been I've been running a
lot of CI builds so I yeah I think I
think this test wise we have all the
cases that we had we had documented all
of them are covered and the issues that
we are encountering right now are being
documented and investigated and
hopefully those solutions are going to
be documented pretty soon and look we
can be we can resolve them mm-hmm and so
on these sir could relay never are we
looking to have like the PR emerge this
week and like leave the outstanding
issues for when YP fest gets released is
this like a total blocker and like
secrets realize not usable at all do i
because it really is double experiment
yeah so so circuit release a short
circuit relay is totally usable right
now the issues that we are running into
our read existing issues in voting
jeaious and go implementations and we're
really not adding anything before
breaking anything with the week since
early
it's just that we those issues they're
becoming more apparent and more visible
with when using serpent interesting so
we took we can't have that that much I
believe that is something we can discuss
about this one so yeah like we cannot so
table this for like a scenic discussion
it is not clear to me so this is my
question that you can provide Cora fine
the PR I don't understand what it means
to be a hundred percent functional when
now there is issues that are present
probably not at all times but are still
there and so I don't understand
necessarily what is missing to just like
put a step and say hey users try this
but but you can like answer this on the
issue what is the thing that you want to
focus on this week
margin Merton circuit basically spend
some more time investigating those
issues making sure that we're not
introducing anything i from my current
investigation I haven't found any new
shoes that would bring any with with
which circuit we're just running into
some existing it's just basically that
hat that are already being addressed
okay okay fur I'll far so like there
which two things for this with your
never when he's getting complete and
that's the other one is like enabling
users use them how are we on the
documentation from the documentation is
coming I added some some documentation
it would be maybe good to discuss what
we need from the dogs I think since
circuit works with JSF ifs right now we
can add some ducks in little bit to be
kind of documenting what options need to
be passed but there's it's it's embedded
into with you to be right now there's
really no way of kind of saying okay
let's just you know this is how you
assemble a no new lipid to be note with
secret really it's already embedded into
the ellipse to be stack yeah we can
recommend the options yeah like
let's say maybe like Jared or Johnny or
John Crone I believe J Kron can be our
beta testers and we can tell them hey I
can you test like having a browser
bowing to your goai professionals in
your machine and and yes they if they
follow the recommendation it's all works
fine that's great if not okay by the way
sorry for putting you guys on a spot
like of course oh no you are available
anytime you can say no thank you
Thank You Jenny Thank You Jay Jay Crone
cool all right so Jay chrome sweet thank
you all right thank you so much anything
else no that's it all right
once again next Richard yeah cool are
you baking notes thank you yeah go ahead
key management in the keychain all but
released last week yay um no Bob's been
reported so apparently nobody's been
playing with it sounds like we need to
make a tutorial like we should publish a
blog post yeah yeah that would be great
last week I've been playing a lot with
multi casting DNS which is one of our
peer discovery mechanisms mainly been
making changes to to other open source
packages we're using they were sending
things correct like over the wire one of
the packages have accepted all my
changes yeah he's been released version
four and I'm waiting for the other
package to be updated
use the first package then then we'll
have everything running so I have a
couple open pr's on our stuff that you
could take a look at some time David no
big worry the other thing I've been
working on is getting the IPS shutdown
command in the CLR API interface data
cool going that so that IPS demon
controller can have a graceful way of
shutting down demons they should
probably no windows you can only kill it
and the process is killed doesn't have
any chance to gracefully shutdown it's
just killed in the story so the David
you know I've had a couple go arounds
about names I'm quite confused what we
want to call this IPS shut down get back
to me on there noted alright thank you
so much
so it sounds like you have open PR that
I need to review so let's declare that
Mars blocked because they are both
called my review so you can like put
them here on the notes if you don't mind
like the link so those peers same thing
watch it down I replied I believe this
morning on like just on the simple
answer is just like to do an alias I'll
shut down and stop let me know if you
have seen that comment or if you have
more questions about that I did stop the
sequel to shut down and the core yeah
yeah until - lets just do that and then
what I said next was at some point we
need really to stop trying to mimic yo
ipfs because go FS is like it's
something and and we from be even that
we have ipfs the module that gets used
by web applications it has other ways to
operate like for example the fact that
we have three cats one for pool streams
or readable streams and one for buffers
this is an example like we need to think
about like our users and I'm necessarily
just like to transport everything that
you I detest us because it might not
match
patterns of usage that IP best users
doing Jess but again overall the feature
should all be there like if you can add
a file with Rico lag you should be able
to add a file we find out well we're
sorry um if I'm confused but I'm just
talking about a name you like stop and I
go like shutdown yeah yeah but that what
I mean is okay okay you got it
okay let's expend more of this yeah Amy
she's cool thank you
so what is next is finish and enhance
we're gonna be push it down cool thank
you
all right look are you going to go next
yes so last week I worked on the IPL PCI
so kind of the ipfs IPL decl I am and
during this time I encountered like
inconsistencies in the spec so I curly
cleaning up the spec and all the
implementations and like this also what
I will do this week is kind of like so
I'm still hopeful I see from week to
week I hope to wrap up all the IPL D
stuff I'm currently doing like getting
into good shape in up-to-date yeah
that's what I will do with this week so
basically I hope and at the end of the
week is a proper IP KS IP l KS IP f is
IP LD dig command all right it's pretty
cool and as you were part of the ipfs
all ends right like you were there like
an hour ago
and so a lot of people are asking for
examples or updated examples and so I
will also do like I have a half written
tutorial but basically blocked by myself
that things that work so but not raven
will happen this week but we'll see okay
okay okay just any
attract that specifically creating the
tutorial updating the examples
publishing a blog post as an issue that
weeks are helpful for yeah I would also
like like I should also like I'm sorry I
haven't used faithful board yet because
like my work supposed to be different
but I well this week I will do it
properly basically so that's okay right
that's all thank you a and yet cool so
is there anyone else that wants to check
in or should I go next
actually not last week but the week
before that on WebSockets that I have
now written everything to use PPS
circuit and protocol buffers of a little
peer-to-peer instead of the current mode
of a socket IO and since like everybody
just noticed that but because nothing
happened okay so you are saying you
finished the PR you need review so your
book there is there anything that you
are planning on focusing for this week
maybe I will focus on getting the
traditional trust finally to work with
you
improvements okay okay sounds cool okay
so from my end is well I have a slow
leak because of Darlington and also
because my laptop broke so yeah like
still I managed to like review many many
parts and I hope like I provided a lot
of feedback to everyone I know that like
you are still waiting on some of my
reviews and yeah I'll this week will be
different I'm already set up and like
it's my home so I expect my 23 to go
back to normal levels one of the things
I did is like really explore what should
be or create the list of things for what
the next generation of lipid repair
should be so we have been planning a
refractor for a long time we want things
as dependency injection or at least
support for dependency injections
we have a backbone for all of the way
people models modules so that like
things that like much is doing of using
swarm to get access to peer circuits to
then do the the signaling for web RTC
star and for web soccer star can happen
so that we can so that we can like to do
that for many other transports or that
we can pass down like configurations
options or just enable swarm to like
fetch properties form the peer-to-peer
instance itself instead of like this
constant back and forward passing
references which is kind of confusing
right now for a lot of people and and
and it's printing well hard time for
some people there are more things there
is an issue unjustly peer to peer which
is called will peer to peer not next and
it's time that's critical and I am
assigned to it and so it has a list of
eight eight items then that there are
the things that are that I'm going to
focus on this week definitely check it
out I'm not blocking anything that I
know of I think like I I think I'm the
one walking other people and so yeah
there is
yeah I guess like blockers was really
like frozen in the broken letter to you
Dimitri and the other thing Ivy that's
like I went to through the waffle world
for J asleep you'd appear so now we have
access to both waffle warts or just be
person just like peer to peer and both
of them have like the issues levels with
a difficulty if they are ready for go to
contribute and their priorities cool
so that is from me Jared or John crow or
join crunch do you want to share
something or ask something
you guys for me yeah go ready okay pull
Noons yeah so my name is Jonathan Ive
recently someone some free time and I've
just been looking around all of the
modules or a fest and would love to so
I'm spending a little bit of
contributing I did some pikna some
really simple things to kind of
introduce me to the all these things
interact so last week maybe a little bit
week or I spent having the ultimate
version I can and so I don't think it's
necessary I think it was purchased into
rinche um and that might be I'm making
new splits the place one thing I was
looking through the waffle board but the
list of things ever you know interesting
to me I come better I thought it might
be interesting that employed be cursed
it Kirsten recursive and and like
detailed thanks to you with that last
comment beautiful system I think I have
some questions there and like a lot of
questions but maybe I'll make a post on
that I'm one of those issues so yeah I'm
not hearing you completely so I got that
you worked on to pr's one of them was
merged to another PR and that it was
because essentially there was a test
that was going and so I'm now just
waiting for CI to finish its thing -
like verify that like we didn't miss
anything
and then you explain that you're working
on something and yeah that part I didn't
understand at all like what you okay
could you try to just maybe three yes
well I started
look I started looking at adding the
only hash the - Beverly has part
- - adding files so we could learn what
the hash would be for some folks but and
I got some progress on that but I ran
into an issue with testing so that I
wasn't and I just recently posted
listen issue on guess I've kept as far
as Nia will get any of the BGP api's
that's running anything using Windows
and I'm everywhere I turned there's
something new so there's a few things in
there that I'm trying to beg to chase
first was test and so I was maybe he
lost my interesting you guys a bit more
than okay so now I think I got it there
were that you are having issues testing
your implementational destination or yes
even that's the edge of tests are not
running on your machine
I posted a link to that issue
Richard happen like take a look and like
see if you can run those tests or
Windows machine to help John here would
I be anything you can do this week
Richard you're meted there we go
yeah I'll be happy to do send me a link
it's under them on the grid path do you
see a line 84 on the crew path
sorry again a line 84 on the creeps path
I have no idea what you're talking about
sorry sorry okay and what if I push here
on the same check there you go thank you
Oh Oh the check thing ah sorry
Cheers thank you okay afterwards Thank
You sighs cool thank you John
yeah so let's make sure that gets
figured out and yeah thank you for
contributing and for jumping into the
project is awesome if you have any
questions about like I'll take his work
like UNIX FS like what is happening
there etc feel free to open more issues
with questions and and then let's try to
convert those into the documentation
because I'm sure other people never take
questions
all right so yeah yours yeah go ahead
sorry is there another like so rather
than feel like so my questions are more
conversational or like I'm gonna serve a
full issue is there another forum for
that like I've seen the entire channel
so IRC channel is good for anything out
the night meeting people this this
conversation is supposedly to be like a
quick sync up it's 30 minutes because we
are many people like we just do this
once a week but it's supposed to be like
a kind of like a daily stand-up like a
do a sprint stand-up and so we just like
go to like what is what we have done
what we are blocked and what people it's
next and then we try to reserve a little
bit of the head of accounts just to go
through outstanding issues to like Mike
fresh our minds and my quality
priorities what are the big tests second
one is Emily if you want there's a call
one hour before this one which is ipfs
island and like you can ask all kinds of
questions there
check the community repo and especially
the community calendar and pushing
healing for you so that you know what to
look for
so check this community calendar and
like you have access to all the county
columns that we have open Jared are
supposed to hear discussed all right
people said IO which is our forum and
there is like it's a medium I get up you
get trailer discussions but it's
typically medium that has more activity
by a broad broader community not just
like the people hacking on the project
like because that are thinking about all
sorts of things about the project and
yeah if you want to ask about all unique
success engine works or all type if ice
architecture is set up etc it's a better
medium if you have a specific issue a
specific question on a module you can
ask you can just open any show on the
github repo and look at that good
oh good you copy that yeah awesome all
right so last week we didn't do the
exercise but I want to do with the three
minutes that we have left which is
sharing my screen okay so I really want
for everyone to have like the screen
like very mine like there was a lot of
stuff as you can see there's a lot of
things happening but more importantly
it's like all these P one and P Zero
issues and right now and again like it
doesn't mean it like everyone needs to
be focusing on the p zero because you
control your own time but like we have a
system in place to tell us what other
things that are really critical for the
success and the growth and the stability
of the project and you can see those by
the peas zeroes and we see there's like
a ton of stuff here that is not being
handled right now right in like even we
might question for example p0 for
electrons report was actually p0 for
last quarter probably what we change
Ferrari so we can change this as well
same thing goes for the p1 like nippy
ones and the peas zeroes are typically
the things that are the biggest fires
that you need to put off oh it's clear
there
it's happening it's not working
yeah and not only I broke my laptop but
I am now using a replacement laptop
which is like way slower so this is kind
of okay waffle is just giving up on me
right now
all right and so you see there's like
way more and then even I've got one
minute from the end like same thing for
Olli peer-to-peer like we have an awful
word for leap year and this is a Geoff's
ipfs scored a team which is basically
annoying both things right now and we
don't have one for ability yet
that might be able to make you want to
do if that helps you but we use the same
labeling system and so as an exercise as
a take-home what I want to ask everyone
is to go through these p0z lumpy ones
and see what are the things that you
would like to tackle and like just check
into your mind's like what are the
priorities if you don't if you haven't
done that already because there might be
things here that you could like get done
quickly or even like you would be more
excited to work on that right now do not
have anyone paying attention and they
are definitely the things that are more
urgent sounds good
and so hopefully next week as we get
better these calls as we get like the
best advice about doing this a bit and I
just entering the call I think it'll
take are already assigned and as we do
these updates on like run probably first
the idea is like to spend the last 10
minutes of the car just going through
the the waffle board and identifying the
things that we can add to our plate to
our bag of tasks for the week as well
but yeah this is like okay next week I
hope stiphu can do that if everyone get
out ideas is everyone confident for what
they have to do this week like yeah like
everyone excited
do you feel like you have enough work to
get to keep you busy and to achieve
great things
yeah some smiley faces some thumbs up
alright cool cool cool thank you so much
hope this was helpful see you again next
week yeah excited to see how the
outcomes and all the things moving
myristic I have a great week everyone
bye-bye here bye thank you so much for
taking notes Dimitri let's stop the
recording